---
layout: post
title:  "GopherCon 2014 Speakers Announced"
date:   2013-12-25 09:00:00
categories: speakers
---

[Please note: this schedule is subject to change.]

## Thursday April 24th

~ Rob Pike : Keynote

~ Derek Collison : Building High-Performance Systems in Go - What’s New and Best Practices

~ Petar Maymounkov : The Go Circuit: Towards elastic computation with no failures	

~ William Kennedy : Building an Analytics Engine using Go 

~ Josh Bleecher Snyder : Embedded Go and Bluetooth Low Energy Hardware	

~ Kelsey Hightower : Go for Sysadmins	

~ Rob Miller : Data Snarfing with Go: A Heka Good Time	

~ David Symonds : Gophers on a Plane: The story of Go on App Engine	

~ Ben Johnson : Writing a High Performance Database in Go	

~ Mitchell Hashimoto : Multi-Process Plugins Using Go RPC	

~ Matt Reiferson : Spray some NSQ on it	

~ Mike Gehard : Taking back the command line with Go

~ Brad Fitzpatrick : To Be Determined	

## Friday April 25th

~ Russ Cox : To Be Determined

~ Gustavo Niemeyer, Steve Francia : Painless data storage with MongoDB and Go

~ Peter Bourgon : Best practices for production environments

~ John Graham-Cumming : A channel compendium

~ Solomon Hykes : Making Docker GO: Why One of the Fastest Growing Open Source Projects Is Based on Go

~ Stephen McQuay, Fraser Graham : Writing and Debugging a Web-Based Multi-Player Game

~ Ron Evans, Adrian Zankich : Gobot: Go Powered Robotics and Physical Computing

~ Blake Mizerany : Little known tricks used in Go's stdlib

~ Baron Schwartz : Building Database Applications with database/sql

~ Alan Shreve : Build your developer tools in Go

~ Richard Crowley : A State Machine Datastore in the Wild

~ Andrew Gerrand : Closing Keynote

## Saturday April 26th

On April 26th, we have a room reseved with just one thing in mind: making it easy for you to spend time hacking, networking, talking, and having fun with your favorite Gopher friends.  Maybe you'll want to organize lightning talks in the morning?  Maybe you'll get together with the contributors to your Open Source project that you've never met in person?  Whatever you do you'll be spending the day with Gophers from across the globe!

## Thank You To Everyone Who Submitted Talks

Submitting a proposal to a conference is a little intimidating, we know.  We'd like to personally thank the 70+ people who submitted proposals to speak at GopherCon 2014.  There's no doubt that each of the proposals we received would have made a great talk.  The breadth, depth, and quality of the proposals was amazing.  

## Thank You To The Reviewers

A special thank you to the community reviewers who helped us narrow down the 70+ proposals to a list of finalists.  You each spent a lot of time going through these proposals, and we appreciate it!

We'll update the website with full details of speakers and talks after the holiday.

See you in Denver!
